Humans are messy by nature, so why follow a syntax in a humans.txt file? I say
throw out the robot-thinking that inspired a standard, a template. Bah!

They have their robots file, but we, /we/ have our file! Unite!

Ooh... outside my window, cool rain clouds are rolling by. I, Alex Waite of
Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Wisconsin again, and now Sachsen-Anhalt Germany,
am easily distracted by any weather that's not 25C-and-sunny. I like funk jazz,
spending good time with good people, and lumberjack sports.

Michael Hanke, of... I don't really know his entire history to be honest. Some
secrets are best kept that way I guess. In any case, he also worked on this
site, and he's lived in (at least) Halle (DDR), Sachsen-Anhalt Germany, New
Hampshire, and back to Sachsen-Anhalt Germany. He likes to grill whole chickens,
make anything possible out of wood, and further the open science crusade.

By the way, Vim is a wonderful text editor; just a public service announcement
for, you know, the public.

Also, big props to Robert Kreps for making us a wicked nice favicon. If you
(yes, you, the person reading this) run into him at a bar, buy him a beer for
me; he deserves it.

And, because /you/ deserve it for reading this file, here's a pretty tasty
pulled pork recipe we've adapted over the years.

Thanks for taking the time to check out who we are. It's nice to be humanized.

You stay classy.

----

Chipotle Pulled Pork for Mere Mortals (serves 10)

 * 1 tablespoon lard or butter
 * 3 kg pork shoulder
 * 2 cups apple cider vinegar
 * 9 tablespoons adobo sauce
 * 6 chipotle chilies chopped
 * 9 cloves garlic minced
 * 3 tablespoons molasses
 * 1.5 teaspoons salt
 * 2 teaspoons pepper

1. Preheat oven to 170C. On the stovetop, melt the lard in a dutch oven over
   medium low heat.
2. Combine adobo sauce, chipotle, garlic, molasses, salt, and pepper together in
   a mixing bowl.
3. Once the lard is melted, place the pork in the dutch oven.
4. Pour the cider vinegar over the pork.
5. Spread the combined chipotle, etc on top of the pork.
6. Put the cover on and place the dutch oven into the preheated oven for 4-6
   hours. You'll know it's done when the pork pulls apart easily.
7. If you like the oft-desired "bark," remove the lid while cooking for some
   seemingly sane period of time. We don't really do this, so I can't provide
   much guidance.

And that's about it. It should tear apart with glorious ease. When scaling the
recipe, it can sometimes be hard to control the moisture; you might need to
adjust/drain. Use your head, you'll be fine.

Sandwiches with this pulled pork and some avocado... mmm. Completely worth it.

If you have any improvements, tips, adjustments, etc to this recipe, send them
my way at Alexqw85 at gmail. I always appreciate tasty feedback; it's rewarding.
